**Adarsh Bhandari** 
- *I am currently Masters student at San Diego State University Specializing in Big Data Analytics starting this Fall 2022. I am keen to learn novel approaches to solve data science problems and learn more about Big Data and its Analysis through this course.*
- I have around 14 months of professional work experience as a Software Engineer in TCS. Here is my [Linkedin profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adarsh-bhandari-74758a163/)
- Here is the link of the dataset by San Francisco Government regarding the registered Business location in different parts of the city [sfo_data](https://data.sfgov.org/Economy-and-Community/Registered-Business-Locations-San-Francisco/g8m3-pdis). This dataset includes the locations of businesses that pay taxes to the City and County of San Francisco. Each site is a single row, with numerous locations allowed for each registered business. This information is gathered by the Treasurer & Tax Collector's Office through taxpayer filings, account update/closure forms, and business registration applications.
- The book which has fascinated me most is *Applied Data Science* by Ian Langmore and Daniel Krasner. Here is the link of the [book](http://columbia-applied-data-science.github.io/appdatasci.pdf). The book demonstrates about various data science techniques and programming principles involved in it. At the beginning of the book, it tells the computer basics like UNIX and Shell Scripting. It does talks about Git and building data pipeline with Python. On the deeper note there are regression and classification techniques explained with practical performance in Python. 



